## Quiz: Running Python locally

### 1. When your IDE automatically creates an indent for you, this is known as what?

`Answer`: Code completion

Correct. Code completion is an IDE feature that takes educated guesses 
about what you might be trying to type next, and offers suggestions

### 2. Can you identify the error in the following code?
~~~
#!/usr/bin/env python3
import numpy as np

def numpyArray():
    x = np.array([[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6]], np.int32)
    y = numpy.array([[3, 6, 2], [9, 12, 8]], np.int32)
    return x*y
print(numpyArray())
~~~

`Answer`: The y variable is not calling the numpy module properly.

Correct. While the x variable is calling numpy using its declared local name, 
y is not using the local name. This will result in an error.

### 3. Which type of programming language is read and converted to machine code before runtime, allowing for more etticient code?

`Answer`: Compiled language

Correct. A compiled language Is translated into code readable by the target machine 
during development using a compiler.

### 4. Which of the following is not an IDE or code editor?
• Eclipse
• pip
• Atom
• Pycharm

`Answer`: pip
Correct. The package manager pip is used in Python to install packages from 
repositories such as PyPl.

### 5. What does the PATH varIable do?

• Tells the operating system where to find executables
• Returns the current working directory
• Holds the command line arguments of your Python program in a list
• Tells the operating system where to cache frequently used files

`Answer`: Tells the operating system where to find executables

Correct. The PATH variable tells the operating system where to find executables.
