# Quiz: For loops: Grade 100%

### 1. How are while loops and for loops different in Python?

`Answer`:
While loops iterate while a condition is true, for loops iterate   
through a sequence of elements.

Correct. You got it! We can use while loops when we want our code   
to execute repeatedly while a condition is true, and for loops   
when we want to execute a block of code for each element of a sequence.  

### 2. Which option would fix this for loop to print the numbers 12, 18, 24, 30, 36?
~~~
for n in range(6,18+1,3):
    print(n*2)
~~~
Correct. To include 18 in the range, add 1 to it.   
The second parameter could be written as 18+1 or 19.   

### 3. Which for loops will print all even numbers from 0 to 18? Select all that apply.

`Answers`: 
~~~
for n in range(19):
    if n % 2 == 0:
        print(n)
~~~
Correct! This loop will print all even numbers from 0 to 18. 
~~~
for n in range(10):
    print(n+n)
~~~
Correct! This loop will print all even numbers from 0 to 18.   
The range of "n" will start at 0 and end at 9 (the end range value   
of 10 is excluded), with "n" incrementing by the default of 1 in each   
iteration of the loop.    
The format of (n+n), where n is an integer, is equivalent to the   
expression (n*2).   
This expression ensures the resulting integer will be an even number.   
The last iteration would print the result of the calculation 9+9.  


### 4. Fill in the blanks so that the for loop will print the first 10 cube numbers (×**3) in a range that starts with ×=1 and ends with ×=10.
~~~
for n in range(1,10+1):
  print(n**3)
  
Output:
1
8
27
64
125
216
343
512
729
1000
~~~

### 5. Write a for loop with a three parameter range() function that prints the multiples of 7 between 0 and 100. Print one multiple per line and avoid printing any numbers that aren't multiples of 7. 
Remember that 0 is also a multiple of 7.
~~~
for n in range(100): 
    if n % 7 == 0:
        print(n)
        
Output:
0
7
14
21
28
35
42
49
56
63
70
77
84
91
98
~~~