
## Assessment 1: Introduction: Grade 100%

### 1. Once you have learned the basics of a programming language, how does this affect 
### your ability to learn and use a second programming language?

`Answer`: It's easier to learn and use a second language. 

### 2. Which of the following are true about programming languages? Select all that apply.

`Answers`:  
Similar to human language, programming languages use syntax and semantics.  
Programming languages are used to write computer programs and scripts.  
Some common programming languages include Python, Java, C, C++, C#, and R.  

### 3. What are some of the benefits of automation? Select all that apply.

`Answers`:  
Doesn't get tired  
Consistency  

### 4. What is the term for the set of rules for how statements are constructed in a 
programming language?

`Answer`: Syntax

### 5. What is the program that reads ans executes Python code by translating it to
### computer instructions called?

`Answer`: Interpreter

### 6. Which Python function will output text, or other value, to the screen?

`Answer`: print()

### 7. What should be the output of the expression below? 

print(15+5+(3*2)/4**2+(3-7)*7)

`Answer`: -7.625

### 8. Keeping in mind there are 86400 seconds per day, write a program that calculates 
how many seconds there are in a week, if a week is 7 days. Print the result to the 
screen. Note: Your result should be in the format of just a number, not a sentence.

seconds=86400   
days=7  
sec_week=seconds*days  
print(sec_week)  

Output: 604800

### 9. Use Python to calculate how many number-based passcodes can be formed with 10 
### numerals (0 through 9). For a 1 numeral passcode, there would be 10 possibilities. 
### For a 2 numeral passcode, each numeral is independent of the other, so there would 
### be 10 times 10 possibilities. Using this information, print the amount of possible 
### passwords that can be formed with 8 numerals. Note: Your result should be in the 
### format of just a number, not a sentence.

numerals=10  
password=8  
possible_password=numerals**password  
print(possible_password)  

Output: 100000000

### 10. Consider this scenario about using Python to make calculations:
### On a college campus, there are 30 computers in each of the 20 computer labs that 
### are spread across campus. The computers have a life cycle where they are replaced 
### every 5 years, with an equal number (one-fifth) of the computers replaced each year.
### Fill in the blank to compute the number of computers that are replaced each year. 
### Note: Your result should be in the format of just a number, not a sentence.

replaced=(1/5)  
total=30*20  
rep_year=replaced*total  
print(rep_year)  

Output: 120

## Assessment 2: Introduction: Grade 100%

### 1. What is a computer program?

`Answer`: Step-by-step instructions on how to complete a set of tasks, to be executed 
by a computer.

### 2. What is a shorter piece code, typically used to automate a specific task?

`Answer`: script

### 3. What are some tasks that might be a good fit for full automation? 
### Select all that apply.

`Answers`: 
Updating specific files on multiple computers
Detecting and removing duplicate data

### 4. same

### 5. What is a property of Python that makes it easier to understand than some other
programming languages?

`Answer`: Code is similar to the English language

### 6. Write a Python script that outputs "Automating with Python is fun!" to the 
### screen. Remember that syntax precision is important in programming languages. 
### A missing capital letter, spelling error, or punctuation mark can produce errors.

#Enter code here:  
print("Automating with Python is fun!")  
#Should print: Automating with Python is fun!

Output: Automating with Python is fun!

### 7. What should be the output of the expression below? 

print(6*2-5/(1+4)+3**2)

`Answer`: 20.0

### 8. same

### 9. same

### 10. Fill in the blank to calculate how many sectors a given 16 GB (gigabyte) hard 
### disk drive has. The given hard drive is divided into sectors of 512 bytes each. 
### How many sectors should this drive have? Your result should be in the format of 
### just a number, not a sentence. Note: To calculate the disk size, multiply by 
### multiples of 1024. In the code below, the "disk _size" of 16 GB is expressed as 
### multiplying 16 by 1024 three times to get from bytes, to kilobytes, to megabytes, 
### and finally to gigabytes.

disk_size = 16*1024*1024*1024  
sector_size = 512  
sector_amount = disk_size / sector_size

print(sector_amount) # Should print 33554432.0

Output: 33554432.0
